chore: add docs for lambda actionner and aws configuration. (#5)
falco-talon/falco-talon.github.io: content/en/docs/actionners/list.md

  actionner: calico:networkpolicy
  parameters:
    order: 20
```

> ### `aws:lambda`

Reviewer: we need to small section to explain it will require an IAM role, Instance Profile or else, wdyt?

Author: That will be common between all AWS integrations, do you think it makes sense to have a separate section explaining how to use AWS actions and mentioning it here?

Author: Then for each action we just set the required IAM permissions

Reviewer: yep, we need a separate section somewhere and just a reference here

> * Description: **Invoke an AWS lambda forwarding the output_fields**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Description: **Invoke an AWS lambda forwarding the Falco event payload**
```

* Continue: `true`
* Parameters:
  * `aws_lambda_name`: Lambda name to call. Lambda must reside in the same region as your default credential provider or static region provided in configuration.
  * `aws_lambda_alias_or_version`: Lambda alias or version to call. (default: $LATEST)
  * `aws_lambda_invocation_type`: Invocation type for Lambda. Accepted values: RequestResponse, Event, DryRun. (default: RequestResponse)
* Required AWS access:
  * `sts:getCallerIdentity`
  * `lambda:InvokeFunction`

> * Source: `cloudtrail`

Reviewer: technically, it could work with any source. on the user to develop the action

Author: Yes, I wasn't 100% sure what to specify here, how we can we say all of them? any?

Reviewer: `any` is find

  actionner: calico:networkpolicy
  parameters:
    order: 20
```

### `aws:lambda`

* Description: **Invoke an AWS lambda forwarding the Falco event payload**
* Continue: `true`
* Parameters:
  * `aws_lambda_name`: Lambda name to call. Lambda must reside in the same region as your default credential provider or static region provided in configuration.
  * `aws_lambda_alias_or_version`: Lambda alias or version to call. (default: $LATEST)
  * `aws_lambda_invocation_type`: Invocation type for Lambda. Accepted values: RequestResponse, Event, DryRun. (default: RequestResponse)
* Required AWS access:
  * `sts:getCallerIdentity`
  * `lambda:InvokeFunction`
  * `lambda:GetFunction`

> 
> * Source: `any`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Source: `any`
```
